(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live,
the Digital World.
Tai Kamiya and the rest
of the Digi-destined,
journey onward to a new
stage in their adventure
along with their
Digimon partners.
After an accident happened
during a rocket launch
in the real world, something
was about to happen
in the Digital World.
(tense music)
On their quest to rescue Kari,
Tai and Agumon encountered
a community of Digimon
living in a jungle,
whose peaceful existence
was being threatened.
(Allomon roars)
(glass shattering)
Tai and Agumon fought
alongside Sora and Garudamon.
(laser pulsing)
However.
(glass shattering)
(fire cracking)
(light zapping)
(tense music)
[Garudamon] Wing Blade!
(glass shattering)
(Garudamon gasps)
(metal straining)
(Garudamon grunts)
(Garudamon cries)
Wing Blade!
(cannon pops)
(Garudamon grunts)
Are you okay?
I'm fine, Sora.
I think that was the
last of the Megadramon.
[Sora] Talk to me,
Tai. You still alive?
Uh-huh. Somehow managed
to stay uncooked.
(Woodmon chirping)
(tense music)
[MetalGreymon]
We'd better hurry.
(fire roaring)
(giant feet stomping)
(fire whooshing)
There's still more!
These guys refuse to let up!
(dramatic music)
(phone chimes)
Finally!
Did you hear back from
a Nigerian Prince?
I asked one of my friends online
to help me look up a few things.
I see.
That explosion at
the launch site?
I think it's only the beginning.
Which is why... (gasps)
(phones ringing)
[Engineer A] It's the
same thing every time!
[Engineer B] It won't accept
any commands from our side!
[Izzy] There are widespread
system malfunctions
from multiple satellites
around the world.
Well, that can't be good!
What happens if more
of 'em break down?
The amount of data being
transmitted would increase
and stimulate the networks.
It's a disaster
waiting to happen!
(electricity crackling)
That's not the only thing.
It'll also make
the Digimon act up,
like when those tankers
got out of control!
(tense music)
Oh man, what a mess!
But something isn't
adding up here.
Huh?
It's true that there's
evidence of satellite orbits
altering course.
Oddly enough though,
there's currently no
danger of any of them
falling down to Earth,
let alone entering
the atmosphere.
Not yet anyway.
Oh so we're good then? Time
to kick back and relax.
Not really. There has to
be a clue I'm overlooking.
What could it be?
[MetalGreymon] If we
can safely make it
through the mountain
cave up ahead,
we can escape to the other side.
If Garudamon flew us over
we could do it that way.
Except we might get caught
since they could
target us from below.
(Tai grunts)
Listen, you go on
ahead. I'll stay.
(Sora gasps)
There's a chance
they'll catch up to us
inside the cave if we all run.
It'll be better to keep
the enemies out here
so MetalGreymon and
I can distract them.
[MetalGreymon] That's right.
We'll meet up with you
on the other side, Sora.
Okay, let's do it!
(Allomon stomping)
(Vegiemon shrieking)
Giga Storm!
(lasers firing)
(tense music)
(Vegiemon shrieks)
[Garudamon] Sora!
Now's our chance,
let's get going!
(Vegiemon shrieking)
(air whooshes)
(footsteps banging)
Guess they took the bait.
[Tai] Let's make sure
they keep on following us.
(dramatic music)
(air whooshes)
Something's coming.
(Tai gasps)
Wait a sec, that
isn't Megadramon.
That's a new one!
Well, what do we do now?
It's game over if that
thing catches Sora.
Get him, MetalGreymon!
On it!
-(dramatic music)
-(fire whooshes)
That's right, we're the
ones you wanna fight!
(electricity crackling)
(explosions booming)
(energy crackling)
(Tai gasps)
(menacing music)
(Digivice chimes)
Parrotmon. An Ultimate Digimon!
(Parrotmon squawks)
(Izzy gasps)
[Tentomon] What's
the matter now?
[Engineer B] We tried
adjusting the orbit
but it wasn't possible.
[Engineer A] Wait. Look
at the orbital paths.
Deciphering their
individual trajectories
was irrelevant.
'Cause no matter
whose satellite it is,
Japan, India, Russia,
China, or the United States,
eventually all of your
orbital paths will intersect
at the same point.
Which would be...
The International Space Station!
[Tentomon] No way,
that's terrible!
(explosion booming)
If multiple satellites
were to collide
with such a massive
structure at that altitude.
(comets whooshing)
And the resulting
debris from all of them
made its way down to
the Earth's surface,
the impact would be the
same as a meteor strike!
The subsequent damage
would be cataclysmic!
(Tentomon wails)
(electricity crackles)
[Tai] Not more of those
sparks! Come on, MetalGreymon!
Giga Storm!
(lasers pulsing)
(Vegiemon cackling)
(Parrotmon howls)
(blade shings)
(metal clanging)
-(metal tearing)
-(MetalGreymon growls)
(MetalGreymon roars)
(metal clanging)
(Parrotmon shrieks)
(MetalGreymon roars)
(laser whines)
(Parrotmon shrieks)
One more, big guy!
(electricity charging)
(MetalGreymon yells)
(thunder rumbles)
Dang it.
(Parrotmon squawks)
(lighting strikes)
(dramatic music)
It's digivolving!
From an Ultimate Digimon
form into a Mega Digimon!
(laser charging)
(fire explodes)
(Tai gasps)
(laser shooting)
(Tai grunts)
Giga Blaster!
(fire explodes)
(MetalGreymon gasps)
(energy pulsing)
(energy roaring)
(MetalGreymon grunts)
(Tai and MetalGreymon screaming)
(somber music)
(fire explodes)
(air whooshing)
So where are we going?
(wind howling)
(fire crackling)
Well, that didn't
work out so great.
So I guess Crossmon must've
spotted Sora's group.
You good, Agumon? You're
still kicking, right?
[Agumon] Yeah I think
so. I'll be okay.
You got all your marbles, Tai?
Me? I think so.
Yeah.
Glad to hear it.
That was one superstrong
Digimon back there.
Sure was. What a beast.
(bell chiming)
(heartbeat pumping)
(upbeat music)
Hey Agumon, so I think I'm
starting to remember something.
(Agumon snorts)
(Tai groans)
What happened when
we fought Devimon.
After he gobbled
me up in one piece.
It went dark and I blacked out.
Know what though?
In that moment, I could
still hear your voice,
calling out my name.
(somber music)
Yeah, that's what
I remember too.
I was so scared that
I lost you forever.
When that happened,
it was like I stopped thinking.
But then I realized
you were still alive.
I coulda sworn you were
calling out for me,
so I jumped out
before I knew it.
And then I...
And then you.. Wait,
what happened next?
Don't worry about it.
It might be a mystery.
But the only thing that matters
now is that we survived.
We can still fight!
(Agumon groans)
This story ain't over,
and we've still got lots
of things to accomplish!
And our friends do too!
We don't have time
to mope around.
We can't even think
of backing down.
We'll never give
up, no matter what!
Yeah! We'll jump back in
the brawl, again and again!
(Allomon snarl)
Right, Agumon! You ready?
(chuckles) Always ready!
(Allomon stomping)
(Tai and Agumon yelling)
(triumphant music)
(electric charging)
Agumon digivolve to...
Greymon!
-Yeah! Go!
-(Greymon roars)
Nova Blast!
(fire explodes)
(Allomon groaning)
(dramatic music)
(Greymon bellows)
(Vegiemon shrieking)
(fire explodes)
Greymon digivolve to...
MetalGreymon.
Trident Arm!
Giga Storm!
Giga Blaster!
(electricity crackling)
(triumphant music)
All right. Get
him, MetalGreymon!
On it.
(MetalGreymon yelling)
(electricity crackling)
(electricity shrieking)
(fire explodes)
(Tai yelling)
(Tai and MetalGreymon yelling)
(dramatic music)
(MetalGreymon grunts)
(air whistling)
(metal shattering)
(MetalGreymon yells)
(MetalGreymon crashes)
(electric whirring)
(Vegiemon shrieks)
(Allomon stomping)
(metallic eagle shriek)
MetalGreymon, you all
right to keep going?
I knew you would be.
Let's show 'em what we've got.
'Cause they're not
ready for our power!
(upbeat music)
[Biyomon] Wow.
What is this?
(Vegiemon shrieking)
(singing in Japanese)
[MetalGreymon] MetalGreymon
digivolve to...
(energy crackling)
(blades ching)
WarGreymon!
(wind rushing)
(laser fires)
(fire explodes)
(metal chiming)
Holy, what a cracker?
(upbeat music)
(energy charging)
Fine. Eat up!
Terra Force!
(singing in Japanese)
(metallic bird screech)
(fire explodes)
(singing in Japanese)
(Sora and Biyomon gasp)
It's Tai!
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia!
AxeKnightmon!
This Ultimate Digimon
digivolves from SkullKnightmon,
and may seem like
a lump of metal,
but is a truly clever
and determined warrior.
Let's check out some more
facts about AxeKnightmon!
This Digimon looks
cool and stylish.
But after I posted that
into the Encyclopedia,
Kabuterimon said, "I'm way more
stylish than that tin can!"
and deleted it!
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] An ancient
Digimon awakens
to save Tai and his friends,
as well as the peaceful
Digimon of the jungle.
[Tai] Next time, A New
Darkness, Milleniummon!
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.